# Voucher Code API

## Objective: create an API Application for voucher code generation.
Notes:

- This is an API application only, don’t need any frontend components.
- Even if the application is simple, please treat it as if is a full application and make sure the best practices in application development are applied

## Tasks:

- Build an API user registration that accepts username (unique), first name, password, email address (unique)
- After a user is successfully registered, a welcome email will be sent to the user which contains a unique voucher code generated by the system.
- Voucher Code is a Random 5 Alphanumeric Character that are unique
- Authenticated user can generate more unique voucher codes, he also can view and delete his own voucher codes.
- When a user has more than 10 codes, no more codes can be generated, an error will be displayed to the user when he tries to generate more codes

## Requirements:
- Create database tables using Laravel migrations.
- Optional: use testing using phpunit or pest
- Must adhere to the SOLID or DRY principle.
- Implement basic error handling.
- Implement basic Laravel access control.
- You can use any email engine (mailtrap, etc)

## How to run:
 - Clone the repository:
```
git clone git@github.com:iamgerwin/voucher-code-api.git
cd voucher-code-api
```

 - Install dependencies:
`composer install`

- Copy the .env.example to .env and configure your environment variables:
`cp .env.example .env`
- Generate application key:
`php artisan key:generate`
- Set up your database and run migrations:
`php artisan migrate`
- Set up your mail configuration in the .env file:
```
MAIL_MAILER=smtp
MAIL_HOST=smtp.mailtrap.io
MAIL_PORT=2525
MAIL_USERNAME=your_mailtrap_username
MAIL_PASSWORD=your_mailtrap_password
MAIL_ENCRYPTION=null
MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS=from@acme.com
MAIL_FROM_NAME="${APP_NAME}"
```
